a couple just quick highlights the I was
really proud of the guys they responded
they responded the way they did after
Tuesday having a really good practice
you know we challenged them on e you
know you can do it once it's the good
teams the really good teams can come
back and do it again and again and again
and I thought the guys did that today
they really responded Wells really
competitive practice you know obviously
we saw a Dory on the offensive side of
the ball do some really cool stuff and
we saw the offense when the finished
challenge there at the end with a
touchdown pass from from Cody to juju
from a fitness standpoint you're about
midway through are you liking what you
see from your team are you kind of
looking for them to be in a better spot
no I like we're at from a conditioning
standpoint you know we're much better
off this spring than we were a year ago
from a conditioning standpoint I think
the guys really understanding the tempo
of practice itself and then the tempo
which we operate offensively and that
affects both sides of the ball so I've
been I've been pleased with where we're
at on that front I've been pleased that
the guys have been fighting through some
of the bumps and bruises some of the you
know we're starting to get some of those
and I'm sure we'll have more coming out
of today's practice and the challenge
for our guys is to keep fighting through
it and to come back and have another
great practice on Saturday because in a
game you're going to get banged up
you're gonna you're going to hurt your
ankle a little bit you're going to get a
bruise but you need to be at your best
in the fourth quarter when you are sore
and that's something what we've been
preaching to the guys
I'm any place today is if you have all
screwed you seem like a lot of clothes
nope about the same scent yeah my mom
sent in to go today yeah hamstring
bothered and with Justin to give a rest
days hey Davis uh yeah we just felt like
he had a really physical Tuesday
practice and we knew today was going to
be another physical day and we just want
to reduce some of the pounding on him it
seems like it opened up opportunities
for yeah I did we knew we wanted to get
Jalil some carries running the ball and
somas been running the ball four so they
got things got more opportunities how
are you feeling about juju can't so far
I explained really well and then the guy
plays with a cast on his thumb every day
so he's not his ability to catch the
ball probably isn't being shown as
naturally as it will when he finally
gets a cast off but we just want to
protect him but he's unbelievable work
ethic the guy plays so hard every play
competes his tail off every play and
it's been a go-to guy obviously the
first play of the finished challenge
went to him and catches a touchdown he's
got a bigger challenge when people might
know to be going becoming the go-to guy
I think it can be for some I don't think
it will be for him I think he's so
accustomed to it I think he wanted to be
that guy last year quite honestly you
know if you'd asked him so uh I think
he's fine with it
is that thumb something that's going to
require a procedure after three
practices over again no he already had
the procedure heading into spring
practice
obviously you weren't around for a lot
of this stuff that you know that one of
an NCAA stuff still about documents the
other day of these sort of feelings
about about some of the stuff Edinburgh
I haven't read one one piece of it at
all I don't know you know I it really
doesn't pertain to us you know what my
goal is every day is getting our team
prepared to practice really well and
what we need to do to become a better
football team come to fall so it's
really out of my hands quite honestly
one more um you're talking about
fighting birds physical to play the
other day Justin world Hospital salmon
these it's awareness is high or
discomfort but system is higher see it's
kind of a half step quicker you noticing
now to Pam and some other guys as well
sure he's playing with really good
anticipation and when you're a safety
you can anticipate things and you're in
you have a big heart you're willing you
can go make those types of plays and
platon has been doing that and it shows
he's a he's a really he's not the most
vocal guy but he's very confident you
can tell you can see his confidence in
the way he plays and his his
understanding for what we're doing is
much higher and in turn he's always been
willing but now it's really be able to
come out of him because his playing with
confidence